Sports
Vegas
Live Casino
Bingo
Poker
Promotions
Login
Join
Popular
In-Play
Promotions
Free to play
All Sports
Football
Horse Racing
Tennis
Media
UK & Irish racing
Greyhound racing
International racing
Horse Racing
Greyhounds
Vegas Games
Odds Format
Help and Feedback
Plus Card
Home
Football
Competitions
Matches
World Cup 2026
South Korea v Czech Republic
Change
South Korea
World Cup 2026
12 Jun, 03:00
ITV 1
Czech Republic
Popular
Goals
Half
Bet Builder
Create your own acca within a match.
Build
Total Match Over/Under Goals
Match
1st Half
2nd Half
Over
Under
Over 0.5
4/9
Under 0.5
8/5
Over 1.5
11/5
Under 1.5
3/10
Over 2.5
8/1
Under 2.5
1/16
Both Teams To Score
Both Teams To Score and Over/Under 2.5 Goals
Yes And Over 2.5 Goals
13/8
Yes And Under 2.5 Goals
9/2
No And Over 2.5 Goals
10/1
No And Under 2.5 Goals
21/20
Match Result and Both Teams To Score
South Korea
24/5
Draw
16/5
Czech Republic
5/1
Both Teams To Score in Both Halves?
Yes
16/1
No
1/50
1st Half Both Teams To Score
Yes
4/1
No
2/13
2nd Half Both Teams To Score
Correct Score
1st Half Correct Score
2nd Half Correct Score
Goal In Both Halves
Teams To Score
South Korea To Score
Czech Republic To Score
1st Goal
2nd Goal
3rd Goal
4th Goal
5th Goal
South Korea Over/Under Goals
Czech Republic Over/Under Goals
1st Half Team Goals
2nd Half Team Goals
Team To Score 1st Half
Team To Score 2nd Half
1st Half Over/Under Goals
2nd Half Over/Under Goals
Total Match Goals Odd/Even
Total Match Goals
Total Team Goals
Match Over/Under 0.5 Goals
Match Over/Under 1.5 Goals
Match Over/Under 2.5 Goals
Match Over/Under 3.5 Goals
Total Goals - Under/Exactly/Over
Multi Goal
1st Half Total Goals
2nd Half Total Goals
To Keep A Clean Sheet
Race To Goals
Asian Handicap
Asian Goal Line
Highest Scoring Half
Highest Scoring Half - Team
Match x Goals
Football Betting at William Hill
Betting with William Hill

Here at William Hill, you'll find pre-game and in-play football odds on every football competition you could wish to watch.

The biggest games in the best leagues and tournaments come with an incredible choice of football markets. But you can also bet on all the latest football action from around the world, from Australia to Zambia and everywhere in between.

Premier League Betting

The Premier League is one of the most-watched and most exciting competitions in the world, and we've got all the latest Premier League Odds for it.

Before a ball is kicked, you can bet on the outright Premier League Winner Odds, the Top Goalscorer Odds, and other outright markets such as Top 4 Odds and Relegation Odds. And once the season starts, there are over 200 Premier League betting markets to choose from in every game.

The English Premier League was founded in 1992, with the first season won by Manchester United. The Red Devils hold the record for most titles won to date, with 13 in the Premier League era and 20 top-flight titles in total.

Alan Shearer is the all-time record goalscorer in the Premier League with 260 goals, with Harry Kane and Wayne Rooney the only others to have passed 200 goals in the competition.

Now you can enjoy football betting even more with our William Hill Final One Standing game, the ultimate free-to-play betting game. Don’t know the rules? Here’s our Final One Standing guide.

Champions League Betting

The Champions League is Europe’s premier club competition, bringing together the continent’s biggest teams in an expanded league-format tournament. After the qualifying rounds, 36 clubs enter the league phase, where each team plays eight opponents. The top-ranked sides progress directly to the Round of 16, while teams placed in the mid-table positions compete in play-offs to join them. From there, the tournament continues with traditional two-legged knockout rounds, delivering months of high-quality, high-stakes, high-drama football.

At William Hill, we have pre-tournament odds under the Champions League betting, plus a host of other odds throughout the tournament, from group winners to top goalscorers.

Our traders also have options for the Europa League, Europa Conference League, European Super Cup and the FIFA Club World Cup: whatever cup competition you're looking for, William Hill have a market for it.

Real Madrid are the most successful team in the history of the Champions League,The most successful English team is Liverpool, who have won it six times, most recently in 2019. Cristiano Ronaldo is the competition's all-time top-scorer with 140 goals in 183 appearances for Manchester United, Real Madrid and Juventus.

Bet on other Football Leagues

find here more of our top football league markets:

Championship betting
LaLiga betting
Serie A betting
Bundesliga betting
FA Cup Final

The showpiece event of the English football season, the FA Cup final is one of the oldest and most-watched cup competitions on the planet. The FA Cup started in 1871 and features over 600 teams trying to make it down to the final 124 at the first-round stage, on the road to a Wembley final.

The FA Cup is the only competition in the country where non-league minnows can end up going against some of the biggest and best clubs in the world. We offer a huge range of FA Cup betting markets from the first round right through to the semi-finals and final at Wembley Stadium.

Qualification for the FA Cup begins as early as August with the extra preliminary round. The first round proper takes place in November, with Premier League and Championship teams entering the competition at the third-round stage in January. The final is slated for May.

Bet on International Football

Check out international football odds on the site or on our app, and head over to the news site to discover the latest football news and football betting tips.

From the World Cup betting, Euro odds and European Championships across the men's and women's game, to the UEFA Nations League, Copa America and more. There's no better place to find the football odds you want than with William Hill.

Football betting markets available at William Hill

We offer some of the most diverse, in-depth betting markets around on football, with something for everyone. You can bet on:

Match outcome in 90 minutes
Correct score
Goalscorer odds - back the first scorer, last scorer or a player to score anytime or a player to score two or more goals
Both Teams To Score (BTTS)
Number of cards
Number of corners
Penalties
Total number of goals - will there be over or under a set line?
Football accumulators, doubles and trebles
Doubles & Trebles

Fancy two or three teams to win? You can bet on both or all three happening for the chance to get even bigger odds by creating a double or treble.

Accumulators

Accumulators, or "accas", follow the same format as doubles and trebles: all bet selections must win for the bet to come in. The difference is that with an acca, you can add four or more selections to your bet slip, with increasing odds for the more picks in your acca.

You can use our Bet calculator to make the best decision. 

In-play betting

As well as a huge range of pre-match markets, you can also bet in-play on matches that have already started. Just watched a team go 1-0 down and fancy them to pull off a comeback? You can place a bet as the action unfolds with our massive selection of live betting markets. 

Transfer Odds & Manager Specials

The beautiful game isn't just about what happens on the field - what takes place off it is arguably just as important.

We've got more than just competition and match betting: you can also find transfer odds and manager markets throughout the season. Got a feeling that your club is about to appoint a big name as boss, or that someone's time at the helm is up? Or that a major transfer deal is about to go down? You can bet on it at William Hill.

What does SW mean in football betting?

SW stands for "score and win". Betting on an SW market means you're simply betting on the match result and that both teams will score in the game. Or, you could choose a player to score and a team to win as part of a wincast.

Want more details on any of our football markets? Our help page has all the information you need.

Football betting guidance
Keep it fun: bet responsibly - as soon as it stops being fun, think about taking a step back.
Don't chase losses: never try to stretch your limits. Betting should be fun, so let's keep it that way.
Take a break: sometimes, everyone needs a breather. Taking a break can help keep a sense of balance.
Get support, if you need it: don't forget that you can talk to us at any time. Charities like GambleAware can help too.
Know your limits: set a budget - this will help you stay in control of what you spend, and keep betting fun.
Stay up-to-date with team news: give yourself an edge on the competition by knowing teams' strengths and weaknesses, as well as who's fit and who's injured.
Football offers and promotions

Every day we'll bring you Price boost. You'll get Epic boost ahead of big games, plus Bet Builder and much more.

William Hill Bet Builder - the new tool to make your life easier to bet 
Epic boost - prices are boosted on the biggest games for a short period of time
Top Price Guarantee
Double #YourOdds
Price boost - prices will be boosted on certain markets every day
#YourOdds - can't find the market you want? Just tweet us with #YourOdds, and we'll price up your bet.
Bet Boosts - want to give your odds a lift? Hit the Boost button in your betslip.
Free or 4 - pick six games that you think will have three or four goals. Get them right and win up to £200 in free football bets! Free or 4 is free to play every week.

And don't forget to check out our range of price boosts, free games and offers on our 
sports betting promotions
.

In-Play Football betting

Sports betting promotions

FIFA World Cup

UCL betting

Betslip
My Bets