Sports
In-Play
Virtuals
Lotteries
Games
Live Casino
Bingo
Poker
Safer Gambling
Search
Login
Sign Up
1
0
1
Betslip
Most Popular
Football
Horse Racing
In-Play
Lotteries
Greyhound Racing
Golf
For You
Eliminator
Free
Beat The Drop
Free
Wonder Wheel
Free
Promotions
Set a Limit
Racing Results
Shop Exclusives
Virtuals
Games
Paddy's Rewards
Give Feedback
Browse All
American Football
Australian Rules
Baseball
Basketball
Boxing
Cricket
Cycling
Darts
Esports
Football
Gaelic Games
Golf
Greyhound Racing
Handball
Horse Racing
Ice Hockey
In-Play
Lotteries
Mixed Martial Arts
Motor Sport
Politics
Rugby League
Rugby Union
Snooker
Special Bets
Table Tennis
Tennis
Virtuals
Looks like you reached the end! Is there anything we can help you with?
Help & Contact
George Cressey v Steve Green
MODUS Super Series
	
George Cressey
Steve Green
Starting at 11:40
Popular
All Markets
Win
Handicap
180
Popular
Match Odds
Cash Out
George Cressey
Steve Green
4/9
13/8
Leg Handicap
Most 180's
Cash Out
Total 180's
Total Legs
Correct Score
Cash Out
George Cressey Total 180's
Steve Green Total 180's
To Win Leg 1
1st Player to Score a 180
180s Handicap 2 Way
Sports Betting
Darts Betting
MODUS Super Series Bets
George Cressey v Steve Green
Popular Events
Popular UEFA Champions League Betting
Paris St-G v Arsenal Odds
Popular UEFA Europa Conference League Betting
Crystal Palace v Rayo Vallecano Odds
Bet on Popular Events
Brazil v Morocco Odds
Haiti v Scotland Odds
Australia v Türkiye Odds
Germany v Curacao Odds
Netherlands v Japan Odds
Popular FIFA World Cup Betting
Mexico v South Africa Odds
South Korea v Czechia Odds
Canada v Bosnia Odds
USA v Paraguay Odds
Qatar v Switzerland Odds
George Cressey v Steve Green Betting & Odds

If you have a hunch about the outcome of the fixture between George Cressey and Steve Green, have a punt on it! We have odds on 11 different popular markets for George Cressey v Steve Green.

Where can I bet on George Cressey v Steve Green?

Bet on the Darts fixture between George Cressey and Steve Green, which starts on Tuesday, 26 May, at 10:40.

How much could I win by betting on George Cressey v Steve Green?

If you bet £10 on George Cressey to beat Steve Green at the current odds of 1.44, you would win £14.4. On the other hand, if you bet £10 on Steve Green to beat George Cressey at the current odds of 2.63, you would win £26.3.

What are the other George Cressey v Steve Green betting markets?

You can bet on other MODUS Super Series popular markets such as: Total 180's, 1st Player to Score a 180, To Win Leg 1, Correct Score, Most 180's. Also, you might want to check out these interesting online betting options: a £10 bet for Over on Total 180's at odds of 1.5 would win you £15, a £10 bet for George Cressey on 1st Player to Score a 180 at odds of 1.8 would win you £18, a £10 bet for George Cressey on To Win Leg 1 at odds of 1.36 would win you £13.6.

*Odds shown in the above text may be subject to a time delay and/or be inaccurate.

Show More
Warning: Although the current score, time elapsed, video, stats and other data provided on this site is sourced from "live" feeds provided by third parties, you should be aware that this data may be subject to a time delay and/or be inaccurate. If you rely on this data to place bets, you do so entirely at your own risk. The Paddy Power Rules for bet settlement still apply and as such we accept no liability for any discrepancies between information displayed here and how a bet is settled.
The Paddy Power Rules for bet settlement
For customers in the United Kingdom: PPB Counterparty Services Limited, PPB Entertainment Limited, PPB Games Limited and PPB GE Limited are licensed and regulated in Great Britain by the Gambling Commission under account numbers 39439, 39426, 39411 and 52819.
PPB Counterparty Services Limited (39439)
PPB Entertainment Ltd (39426)
PPB Games Limited (39411)
PPB GE Limited (52819)
Gambling Commission
All other customers: PPB Counterparty Services Limited, having its registered address at Spinola Terraces, Level 2, Triq Mikiel Ang Borg, St Julians SPK 1000, Malta, is licensed and regulated by the Malta Gaming Authority under Licence Number MGA/CRP/131/2006 (issued on 01 August 2018). Some games are supplied by operators that are licensed within the EU/EEA and further information is displayed on the individual games where applicable.
Malta Gaming Authority
Gambling can be addictive, use our online tools for a safer way to play
Paddy Power Sitemap
Give Feedback
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Accessibility
Privacy Preference Centre
Rules & Regulations
Terms & Conditions
Underage gambling is an offence
Resolve a Dispute
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 86 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting Allow All Cookies enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under we and our partners process data to provide. Selecting Allow Necessary Only or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage Preferences link on the bottom of the webpage. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.See our Cookie Policy
We and our partners process data to provide:

Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Use precise geolocation data. Store and/or access information on a device. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Use limited data to select content. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised content. Measure advertising performance. Measure content performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Create profiles to personalise content.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow All Cookies
Allow Necessary Only
Show Purposes