Sports
In-Play
Offers
World Cup
Horse Racing
Lucky Dip
Casino
Live Casino
Bingo
Search
A-Z Sports
A-Z Sports
American Football
Australian Rules
Badminton
Baseball
Basketball
Boxing
Cricket
Cycling - Road
Darts
Entertainment
Esports
Football
Formula 1
Futsal
Gaelic Football
Greyhounds
Golf
Hockey
Horse Racing
Hurling
Ice Hockey
MMA/UFC
Netball
Politics
Rugby League
Rugby Union
Snooker
Speedway
Table Tennis
Tennis
Virtual Sports
Volleyball
Casino
Casino
Vegas
Home
New
Jackpots
Daily Jackpots
Megaways
Tables
Instant Win
Virtual
Drops & Wins
Bingo
All Slots
FTP Wheel
Slots
Arcade Games
Lucky Leaderboard
Summer of Football Wheel Drops
Settings
Help & Contact
BetVictor News
New
Bet Calculator

Mini Games

Fishin’ Frenzy The Big Match
Big Bass Football Bonanza
BetVictor Big Bass Splash
Log In
Sign Up
Football Betting Odds
Featured
World Cup
Competitions
Outrights
Accas
Specials
Esports
World Cup - Group Betting
Group B Winner

Wednesday 22:00

Group B Winner
1
Canada
8/13
Switzerland
6/5
Group C Winner

Wednesday 22:00

Group C Winner
1
Brazil
1/3
Morocco
9/4
Scotland
33/1
Group E Winner

Thursday 22:00

Group E Winner
1
Germany
1/4
Ivory Coast
7/2
Ecuador
10/1
Curacao
500/1
Group F Winner

Thursday 22:00

Group F Winner
1
Netherlands
11/10
Japan
9/4
Sweden
9/4
Tunisia
66/1
Group H Winner

Friday 22:00

Group H Winner
1
Spain
2/7
Uruguay
3/1
Cape Verde
20/1
Saudi Arabia
33/1
Group I Winner

Friday 22:00

Group I Winner
1
France
1/4
Norway
11/4
Senegal
50/1
Iraq
250/1
Group J Winner

27 June at 22:00

Group J Winner
1
Argentina
1/9
Austria
5/1
Algeria
66/1
Jordan
250/1
Group K Winner

27 June at 22:00

Group K Winner
1
Colombia
9/10
Portugal
9/10
DR Congo
14/1
Uzbekistan
100/1
Group L Winner

27 June at 22:00

Group L Winner
1
England
1/25
Ghana
12/1
Croatia
16/1
Panama
100/1
Featured Football Games
Football Studio
Big Bass Football Bonanza
Fishin’ Frenzy The Big Match
Goal Bonanza
Football Studio Roulette
Football Betting & Football Odds

Football Betting and Odds at BetVictor Ireland. We love the beautiful game at BetVictor. That’s why we’ve gone all out with our range of Football Betting options.

We provide a wide variety of Football Betting and Odds from all around the world. Want to place a bet on top club Football? We've got you covered. Prefer betting on the international game? We've got that too. 

You can bet on the Premier League, Champions League and other Football Betting markets from all around the world.

Premier League Betting

The Premier League remains one of our more popular Football Betting options, and for good reason. It is widely regarded as the most popular Football league in the world, with a massive global audience and huge clubs playing host to some of the best players around. It also makes for some exciting Football Betting.

Here at BetVictor Ireland, we cannot take our eyes off the Premier League. That is why you will find a vast array of choices for EPL Betting for tthis season.

We also have Football Odds on Premier League relegation, a top four finish and top goal scorer. That is on top of match betting for every fixture throughout the campaign. You can bet on popular markets such as Both Teams to Score and Double Chance or take advantage of our regular Premier League Bet Boosts.

UK Football Betting

You can also bet on Football from a host of other divisions in the UK here at BetVictor Ireland. We have Football Betting markets on the Championship, League One and League Two and a range of odds on the action in the National League.

Our Football Betting offering covers all the major leagues in Scotland too. You have the option to bet on any match in the Scottish Premiership with us, with odds on all the key betting markets, including Both Teams to Score, Total Goals and Goal in Both Halves.

If you prefer cup Football, you can also bet on the outright winner of the FA Cup, League Cup, EFL Trophy and FA Trophy throughout the season with BetVictor. We also have Football Betting markets on every tie for those competitions, including In-Play odds.

Irish Football Betting

Closer to home, BetVictor also offers Irish Football Betting. With the League of Ireland Premier Division finally kicking off, it's going to be an interesting season this year. Fans of Irish Football will have plenty to cheer for at BetVictor Ireland.

Champions League Betting

We deliver a wide range of Champions League Betting markets alongside our series of domestic club Football Odds. You can bet on every single game with us, from qualifying through to the final.

You will find a wide range of outright Champions League Betting markets on our Sportsbook too. So, whether you want to bet on the winner, the finalists or the top goal scorer, you can get the Football Odds you are looking for here.

Europa League Betting

Our European Football Betting options do not stop with the Champions League. You can also choose from a wide selection of Europa League Betting markets. Just like the Champions League, we have all the Europa League outright odds so that you can bet on the team you think will go all the way. 

We have Europa League Odds on every fixture during the campaign too. Bet on markets including Anytime Goal Scorer, Half Time / Full Time and a range of Handicaps. And if that was not enough, we even offer a choice of Europa Conference League Betting markets.

European Football Betting

Fans of European Football can bet on all their favourite leagues on the continent here at BetVictor Ireland. We offer Football Betting markets on La Liga, Serie A, Ligue 1 and the Bundesliga, including key match-by-match odds and markets on a range of outright options.

On our Sportsbook, you will also find European Football Betting markets on leagues such as the Eredivisie, Primeira Liga, Allsvenskan and Serbian Super Liga.

Online Football Betting with Live Football Odds

With an estimated 3.5 billion fans worldwide, the reputation of the global game shows no sign of slowing. So, it is a good thing that our Online Football Betting and Football Odds are just as all-encompassing and far-reaching.

You will find in-depth Football Betting markets on the Premier League, Championship, League One and League Two with us. We also give you the chance to bet on Scottish Football, from the Scottish Premiership to Scottish League Two.

Our Sportsbook features Football Odds on Spain’s La Liga, Germany’s Bundesliga and Italy’s Serie A. And we go even further afield. Check out our Live Football Betting markets from domestic leagues in the Americas, Asia and Africa, including Major League Soccer, the J-League and the South African Premier League.

With Football Betting markets from across the world, BetVictor Ireland is the place to be.

In-Play Betting with Cash Out

Here at BetVictor, you have access to a broad choice of Football Betting markets. And with us, you can still place a bet even after kick-off. We offer In-Play Football Odds for all matches around the world. So, you can bet on Football live as the action is unfolding.

We also give you even more control over your bets. With our Cash Out feature, you can settle your bets at any point. This allows you to either secure a profit while you are ahead or get an early pay-out if your bet is not going to plan.

Create Your Own Custom Betting Markets with the Bet Builder

If you are struggling to find the Football bet you are after, create your own with our Bet Builder tool.

Bet Builder allows you to combine multiple Football Betting markets to create one single bet. For example, you could pick the number of corners, first goal scorer and final score and put it into one unique bet.

Fancy something a little more exotic that you cannot get on our website or app? Tweet us your request, and we will do our best to make your vision a priced-up reality.

A World of Football Betting

Here at BetVictor Ireland Sportsbook, we have gone all out with our Football Betting offering. You can bet on Football leagues and tournaments from around the world with us. You will find a raft of betting options for single games, from Match Betting and Stats Markets like Shots on Target to Bet Builders and Bet Boosts. Or you can bet on outrights, including the winner of the Premier League, Champions League, Serie A, and La Liga.

So, join BetVictor for all the Football Betting markets and competitive odds you could want.  And that's not forgetting our innovative Virtual Football Betting either.

Calculating your bets with our Bet Calculator

If you want to calculate your potential winnings, especially if you have placed a complex bet like an accumulator ("acca") with many legs, you can use our own Free Bet Calculator. Just enter your stake, the odds for each selection, and the betting calculator will do the rest for you instantly.

AffiliatesFairnessCookies NoticeTerms & ConditionsPrivacy NoticeSafer Gambling

The website is operated by BV Gaming Limited and BV (Gibraltar) Limited (trading as “BetVictor”), both companies registered in Gibraltar (with company registration numbers 42734 and 102502 respectively). The registered offices are located at Suite 23, Portland House, Glacis Road, Gibraltar, GX11 1AA and its trading office is located at Suite 2:01, World Trade Center, Bayside Road, Gibraltar, GX11 1AA
BV Gaming Limited is licenced and regulated as an online gambling operator in:
1. Great Britain by the Gambling Commission of Great Britain under account number 39576; 2. Ireland, by the Revenue Commissioners under licence number 1010233; and 3. For users located in any other jurisdictions, in Gibraltar, BV (Gibraltar) Limited is licenced by the Government of Gibraltar under licence numbers 001 and 014 and regulated by the Gibraltar Gambling Commissioner. Live information is for guidance only and can be subject to delays. Click here for more details. We may also require documents from you for your account verification before you can withdraw funds, please Click here for more details.

Betslip
In-Play
Slots